README.md, before:

# JFLEG (JHU FLuency-Extended GUG) corpus

Last updated: April 4th, 2017

[link to arXiv ](https://arxiv.org/abs/1702.04066)

- - -

## Data

    .
    ├── EACL_exp      # (coming soon) experiments in the EACL paper
    ├── README.md     # This file
    ├── dev           # dev set (754 sentences originally from the GUG **test** set)
    │   ├── dev.ref0  
    │   ├── dev.ref1  
    │   ├── dev.ref2  
    │   ├── dev.ref3  
    │   └── dev.src   # source (This should be the input for your system.)
    ├── eval
    │   └── gleu.py   # evaluation script
    └── test          # test set (747 sentenses ogirinally from the GUG **dev** set)
        ├── test.ref0  
        ├── test.ref1  
        ├── test.ref2  
        ├── test.ref3  
        └── test.src   # source (This should be the input for your system.)
 
## Evaluation

    e.g. python ./eval/gleu.py -r ./dev/dev.ref[0-3] -s ./dev/dev.src --hyp YOUR_SYSTEM_OUTPUT


## Reference
The following paper should be cited in any publications that use this dataset: 

Courtney Napoles, Keisuke Sakaguchi and Joel Tetreault. (EACL 2017): JFLEG: A Fluency Corpus and Benchmark for Grammatical Error Correction. In Proceedings of the 15th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics. Valencia, Spain. April 03-07, 2017.

Michael Heilman, Aoife Cahill, Nitin Madnani, Melissa Lopez, Matthew Mulholland, and Joel Tetreault. (ACL 2014): Predicting Grammaticality on an Ordinal Scale. In Proceedings of the Association for Computational Linguistics. Baltimore, MD, USA. June 23-25, 2014.

bibtex information:


    @InProceedings{napoles-sakaguchi-tetreault:2017:EACL2017,
      author    = {Napoles, Courtney  and  Sakaguchi, Keisuke  and  Tetreault, Joel},
      title     = {JFLEG: A Fluency Corpus and Benchmark for Grammatical Error Correction},
      booktitle = {Proceedings of the 2017 Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics},
      month     = {April},
      year      = {2017},
      address   = {Valencia, Spain},
      publisher = {Association for Computational Linguistics},
      url       = {https://arxiv.org/abs/1702.04066}
    }
     
    @InProceedings{heilman-EtAl:2014:P14-2,
      author    = {Heilman, Michael  and  Cahill, Aoife  and  Madnani, Nitin  and  Lopez, Melissa  and  Mulholland, Matthew  and  Tetreault, Joel},
      title     = {Predicting Grammaticality on an Ordinal Scale},
      booktitle = {Proceedings of the 52nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 2: Short Papers)},
      month     = {June},
      year      = {2014},
      address   = {Baltimore, Maryland},
      publisher = {Association for Computational Linguistics},
      pages     = {174--180},
      url       = {http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P14-2029}
    }


## Questions

 - Please e-mail to Courtney Napoles (napoles[at]cs.jhu.edu) and Keisuke Sakaguchi (keisuke[at]cs.jhu.edu).


## License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

update paper and bib information

README.md, after:

# JFLEG (JHU FLuency-Extended GUG) corpus

Last updated: April 4th, 2017

[link to the paper](http://aclweb.org/anthology/E17-2037)

- - -

## Data

    .
    ├── EACL_exp      # (coming soon) experiments in the EACL paper
    ├── README.md     # This file
    ├── dev           # dev set (754 sentences originally from the GUG **test** set)
    │   ├── dev.ref0  
    │   ├── dev.ref1  
    │   ├── dev.ref2  
    │   ├── dev.ref3  
    │   └── dev.src   # source (This should be the input for your system.)
    ├── eval
    │   └── gleu.py   # evaluation script
    └── test          # test set (747 sentenses ogirinally from the GUG **dev** set)
        ├── test.ref0  
        ├── test.ref1  
        ├── test.ref2  
        ├── test.ref3  
        └── test.src   # source (This should be the input for your system.)
 
## Evaluation

    e.g. python ./eval/gleu.py -r ./dev/dev.ref[0-3] -s ./dev/dev.src --hyp YOUR_SYSTEM_OUTPUT


## Reference
The following paper should be cited in any publications that use this dataset: 

Courtney Napoles, Keisuke Sakaguchi and Joel Tetreault. (EACL 2017): JFLEG: A Fluency Corpus and Benchmark for Grammatical Error Correction. In Proceedings of the 15th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics. Valencia, Spain. April 03-07, 2017.

Michael Heilman, Aoife Cahill, Nitin Madnani, Melissa Lopez, Matthew Mulholland, and Joel Tetreault. (ACL 2014): Predicting Grammaticality on an Ordinal Scale. In Proceedings of the Association for Computational Linguistics. Baltimore, MD, USA. June 23-25, 2014.

bibtex information:

    @InProceedings{E17-2037,
      author = "Napoles, Courtney and Sakaguchi, Keisuke and Tetreault, Joel",
      title = "JFLEG: A Fluency Corpus and Benchmark for Grammatical Error Correction",
      booktitle = "Proceedings of the 15th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Volume 2, Short Papers",
      year = "2017",
      publisher = "Association for Computational Linguistics",
      pages = "229--234",
      location = "Valencia, Spain",
      url = "http://aclweb.org/anthology/E17-2037"
    }
    
    @InProceedings{heilman-EtAl:2014:P14-2,
      author    = {Heilman, Michael  and  Cahill, Aoife  and  Madnani, Nitin  and  Lopez, Melissa  and  Mulholland, Matthew  and  Tetreault, Joel},
      title     = {Predicting Grammaticality on an Ordinal Scale},
      booktitle = {Proceedings of the 52nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 2: Short Papers)},
      month     = {June},
      year      = {2014},
      address   = {Baltimore, Maryland},
      publisher = {Association for Computational Linguistics},
      pages     = {174--180},
      url       = {http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P14-2029}
    }


## Questions

 - Please e-mail to Courtney Napoles (napoles[at]cs.jhu.edu) and Keisuke Sakaguchi (keisuke[at]cs.jhu.edu).


## License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
